draft docs for existing intents (#25)
intento/intento-api: ai.text.transliterate.md

# ai.text.transliterate

> Converts text in one language from one script to another script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts a text from one script to another script (e.g. katakana to latin)
```
